Like a letter from a loved one
That I'm reading every day
As I turn the precious pages
And so many thoughts that come my way
And every day that passes
Gives me reason to be sure
That the things that I am reading
Will comfort me some more
Like the dew there in the morning
Like the warmth that's from the sun
Like the moon, I don't know
It's there for everyone
Like a pillow is for comfort
So your words can comfort me
And as I meditate on this
It's easy just to see
It's filled with love
Jehovah's love
Reminds me not to worry
Now that travel never lasts
Gives me hope for the future
Helps me learn from the past
Your promise draws me close to you
As you draw close to me
And once again I'm thankful
For the gifts that I can see
Like the dew there in the morning
Like the warmth that's from the sun
Like the moon, I don't know
It's there for everyone
Like a pillow is for comfort
So your words can comfort me
And as I meditate on this
It's easy just to see
It's filled with love
Jehovah's love
The tree growing by a stream
I'm stronger every day
Just how much your word means to me
Like a letter from a loved one
That I'm reading every day
As I turn the precious pages
It's how many thoughts that come my way
And every day that passes
Gives me reason to be sure
With the things that I am waiting
It will comfort me some more
Like the dew there in the morning
Like the warmth that's from the sun
Like the moon, I don't know
It's there for everyone
Like a pillow is for comfort
So your words can comfort me
And as I meditate on this
It's easy just to see
It's filled with love
Jehovah's love